good morning it's december
14 2020
and it's a monday here in l.a
a clear morning very still right now
50 degrees fahrenheit around 10
celsius today
i was thinking about the
instrumental a summer place
by percy faith and his orchestra
this song kind of represents a romantic
wondrous feeling of the 50s
and it came out at the very end
of the 50s 1959 going into
60 where it was a where it was a
number one hit for nine solid weeks
and then the decade of the
sixties began
percy faith and his orchestra a summer
place
should be going up to 67 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon
20 celsius and
it'll be a mixture of clouds
and blue skies and golden sunshine
all along the way everyone
have a great day